All right.
Welcome my student.
So it's fun for us to start creating the markup for pages.
All right.
So let's go to each page and the first page that we're going to be creating is the Create page.
OK.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create this form like that.
All right.
And now remember what I told you about what we learned about Master layouts.
OK.
Now let's go to views actually layouts and we already have a layer right here.
So we can use that label for I create my fact.
Let's do that.
So just like we did in the contact right here on top we're going to take that and we're going to do
that.
OK.
Let's see if we have anything else that we need.
If you want the photo you could do that.
OK.
It's up to you.
All right there.
All right.
So now we create the form.
Let's just put it right there that's fine.
All right.
So how do we create a form.
Well that's a very very good question.
In Largo you don't have to do anything different than in any other application.
You just create a form.
I'm going to do that and tab.
All right.
And we'll create an input
type têtes.
Let's give it a name of the same name of the title of the column of our table inside entire database
title.
OK.
Let me let me go back and make sure that us in the column in the migration.
All right so let's go to database migration or go to the post table and make sure that that column is
titled.
All right automatically that's what he's going to have interposed superglue.
OK.
So let's go
down here to our create title.
Well right now we should have a bun also.
And we're going to say input types submit name submit let's say okay.
Right.
Very simple form.
You could of course put a label on it.
All right.
I'm going to put a placeholder here placeholder and say answer and third title like this very simple
.
All right cool.
So now we have this form what happens is that we need to also also tell of the method that is going
to use to be sending in the data.
And because a lot of those super secure.
All right the form is going to be using a method of polls.
OK cool.
And now I want you to look at something real quick.
You see the router here.
When we went to a store something put it in the database we used to post method OK when we want to create
not just create I mean destroy we use the lead med and I'll show you in a minute how to do that.
And what we want to update we use to put or patch OK show we use the you are able to get requests.
OK.
So I hope you see how this works but I'll show you in a minute how we do that OK.
Right now this form here is going to be posting to posts like this.
OK that's where this information is going that's where the post-Super superglued is going to be be sent
to us.
All right.
Anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture and I'll see you in the next one where we finish
constructing the story.
They create and store methods.
OK.
Thank you so much.
I'll see you then.
Bye bye.